.TH MVL 3 "2025-Jun-23"
.SH NAME
libMVL \- Mappable Vector Library, use your data all at once, with few limits.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libMVL.h>
and then compile and link with
.B -lMVL
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B MVL
Mappable Vector Library, is a data format designed for ease of use when
memory mapped.

This is achieved by basing the format around the notion of vectors, linear
arrays of primitive data types, such as char, integer, float or offset.

The arrays are written so that they are aligned to the start of the file
(default alignment is 64 bytes). This facilitates vector operations.

A MVL file consists of a preamble, followed by a number of MVL vectors
and then a postamble that closes the file.

Despite simplicity of layout one can store data of arbitrary complexity by
using MVL vectors of offset type that act as lists.

In addition, any of the basic integer types can be used as an opaque type
to store arbitrary data, such as compressed streams or arrays of structures.

The format is fully 64-bit, and MVL vectors can have lengths of up to 2^62
(essentially only limited by the amount of storage available).

.I libMVL.h
has technical information on how to connect with
.I libMVL
and further information and example code can be found at
.I https://github.com/volodya31415/libMVL
.SH REPORTING PROBLEMS
Before reporting a problem, please check the libMVL web
site to verify that you have the latest version of
.I libMVL

.SH LIBMVL LICENSE
.B libMVL
is Copyright (C) 2019 Vladimir Dergachev. GNU LGPL version 2.1 or higher.

.SH AUTHORS
Vladimir Dergachev

Further details (on why and what) can also be seen in git history
as well as the README file.
